DAVX5 setup through Nextcloud mobile, GNOME automount of Nextcloud webdav (#1845)
nextcloud/documentation: user_manual/files/access_webdav.rst

Nautilus file manager
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**When you configure your Nextcloud account in the** `GNOME Control Center
<../pim/sync_gnome.html>`_, **your files will automatically be mounted
by Nautilus as a WebDAV share, unless you deselect file access.**

You can also mount your Nextcloud files manually. Use the ``davs://``
protocol to connect the Nautilus file manager to your Nextcloud
share::

  davs://example.com/nextcloud/remote.php/dav/files/USERNAME/

.. note:: If your server connection is not HTTPS-secured, use `dav://` instead
   of `davs://`.

.. image:: ../images/webdav_gnome3_nautilus.png
   :alt: screenshot of configuring Nautilus file manager to use WebDAV

.. note:: The same method works for other file managers that use GVfs,
	  such as MATE's Caja and Cinnamon's Nepomuk.

Accessing files with KDE and Dolphin file manager
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To access your Nextcloud files using the Dolphin file manager in KDE, use
the ``webdav://`` protocol::

    webdav://example.com/nextcloud/remote.php/dav/files/USERNAME/

.. image:: ../images/webdav_dolphin.png
   :alt: screenshot of configuring Dolphin file manager to use WebDAV

> You can create a permanent link to your Nextcloud server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to create a permanent link to your Nextcloud server:
```

#. Open Dolphin and click "Network" in the left hand "Places" column.
#. Click on the icon labeled **Add a Network Folder**.
   The resulting dialog should appear with WebDAV already selected.
#. If WebDAV is not selected, select it.
#. Click **Next**.
#. Enter the following settings:

   * Name: The name you want to see in the **Places** bookmark, for example Nextcloud.

   * User: The Nextcloud username you used to log in, for example admin.

   * Server: The Nextcloud domain name, for example **example.com** (without
     **http://** before or directories afterwards).
   * Folder -- Enter the path ``nextcloud/remote.php/dav/files/USERNAME/``.
#. (Optional) Check the "Create icon checkbox" for a bookmark to appear in the
   Places column.
#. (Optional) Provide any special settings or an SSL certificate in the "Port &
   Encrypted" checkbox.

Creating WebDAV mounts on the Linux command line
------------------------------------------------

> You can create WebDAV mounts from the Linux command line. This is useful if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if you
```

            <d:quota-used-bytes>163</d:quota-used-bytes>
            <d:quota-available-bytes>11802275840</d:quota-available-bytes>
            <d:getetag>"561d3a6139d05"</d:getetag>
          </d:prop>
          <d:status>HTTP/1.1 200 OK</d:status>
        </d:propstat>
      </d:response>
      <d:response>
        <d:href>/nextcloud/remote.php/dav/files/USERNAME/welcome.txt</d:href>
        <d:propstat>
          <d:prop>
            <d:getlastmodified>Tue, 13 Oct 2015 17:07:35 GMT</d:getlastmodified>
            <d:getcontentlength>163</d:getcontentlength>
            <d:resourcetype/>
            <d:getetag>"47465fae667b2d0fee154f5e17d1f0f1"</d:getetag>
            <d:getcontenttype>text/plain</d:getcontenttype>
          </d:prop>
          <d:status>HTTP/1.1 200 OK</d:status>
        </d:propstat>
      </d:response>
    </d:multistatus>

.. _KB2668751: https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2668751
.. _KB2123563: https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2123563
.. _WebDAV Navigator: http://seanashton.net/webdav/
.. _Android devices: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.schimera.webdavnavlite
.. _iPhones: https://itunes.apple.com/app/webdav-navigator/id382551345

> .. _BlackBerry devices: http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/46816

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _BlackBerry devices: http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/46816

```

To fix `Explicit markup ends without a blank line; unexpected unindent.` warning.

======================================

> Accessing Nextcloud files using WebDAV

Reviewer: Isn't everything below a duplicate of the previous section?

Author: There is no mention of blackberries in https://github.com/nextcloud/documentation/blob/vasyugan-patch-1/user_manual/files/access_webdav.rst so I am a bit confused as to where this comes from

Reviewer: I think everything below `======================================` is a duplicate. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3902676/75884924-e6f77780-5e25-11ea-8d5e-fd17e8b2f870.png)

Author: What file are you reviewing? This isn't in the file for which I created the pull request.

Reviewer: I review this pull request. Just search for Accessing Nextcloud files with your file. It's there two times.

Author: super weird. Should be fixed now. Git is confusing. At least for beginners like me.

Reviewer: Looks good now. I suggested to revert the text changes I suggested earlier because they are actually not related to this PR.

Author: Not sure what I am suppose to do. I have committed the suggested changes, there seems to be no way to un-commit them.

   URL of your Nextcloud server (omit the directory part if the installation is
   in the root of your domain), and "USERNAME" with the username of the connecting user.

   See the webdav url (bottom left, settings) on your Nextcloud.

Nextcloud Desktop and mobile clients
------------------------------------

The recommended way to synchronize a desktop PC with a Nextcloud server is by
using `Nextcloud/ownCloud sync clients <https://nextcloud.com/install/#install-clients>`_. You can configure the
client to save files in any local directory and you can choose which
directories on the Nextcloud server to sync with. The client displays the
current connection status and logs all activity, so you always know which
remote files have been downloaded to your PC and you can verify that files
created and updated on your local PC are properly synchronized with the server.

The recommended way to synchronize Nextcloud server with Android and
Apple iOS devices is by using the `mobile apps
<https://nextcloud.com/install/>`_.

To connect your mobile app to a Nextcloud server use the
base URL and folder only::

    example.com/nextcloud

> In addition to the mobile apps provided by Nextcloud or ownCloud, you can use other apps to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the mobile apps provided by Nextcloud, you can use other apps to
```

I would prefer not to list ownCloud unless the apps provided by ownCloud are explicitly tested against the recent Nextcloud releases.

.. image:: ../images/webdav_dolphin.png
   :alt: screenshot of configuring Dolphin file manager to use WebDAV

> How to create a permanent link to your Nextcloud server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a permanent link to your Nextcloud server:
```

Creating WebDAV mounts on the Linux command line
------------------------------------------------

> This is useful if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create WebDAV mounts from the Linux command line. This is useful if you
```
